# Use Cases
A use case defines a goal-oriented set of interactions between external actors and the system under consideration. Actors are parties outside the system that interact with the system (UML 1999, pp. 2.113- 2.123). An actor may be a class of users, roles users can play, or other systems. Cockburn (1997) distinguishesbetween primary and secondary actors. A primary actor is one having a goal requiring the assistance of thesystem. A secondary actor is one from which the system needs assistance.A use case is initiated by a user with a particular goal in mind, and completes successfully when thatgoal is satisfied. It describes the sequence of interactions between actors and the system necessary todeliver the service that satisfies the goal. It also includes possible variants of this sequence, e.g., alternativesequences that may also satisfy the goal, as well as sequences that may lead to failure to complete the ser-vice because of exceptional behavior, error handling, etc. The system is treated as a “black box”, and theinteractions with system, including system responses, are as perceived from outside the system.Thus, use cases capture who (actor) does what (interaction) with the system, for what purpose (goal), without dealing with system internals. A complete set of use cases specifies all the different ways to usethe system, and therefore defines all behavior required of the system, bounding the scope of the system. Generally, use case steps are written in an easy-to-understand structured narrative using the vocabularyof the domain. This is engaging for users who can easily follow and validate the use cases, and the accessi-bility encourages users to be actively involved in defining the requirements.

Source: http://www.bredemeyer.com/pdf_files/functreq.pdf
